After a generous tip, the barkeep whispers: 'some mushrooms need time to mature...'
After a generous tip, the barkeep whispers: 'you will not believe it - I saw the devil in a lettuce!'
After a generous tip, the barkeep whispers: 'I heard about a snake that could eat rocks and pebbles...'
After a generous tip, the barkeep whispers: 'scarlet Uroboros can eat its own tail. What a stupid skill to have!'
After a generous tip, the barkeep whispers: 'do you believe in ghosts? I did not until I saw one! He seemed to be short of breath as if he ate a bunch of hot peppers...'
Whoever corrects a mocker invites insults; whoever rebukes the wicked incurs abuse. (Proverbs 9:7)
I have seen something else under the sun: The race is not to the swift or the battle to the strong, nor does food come to the wise or wealth to the brilliant or favor to the learned; but time and chance happen to them all. (Ecclesiastes 9:11)
Do not be overrighteous, neither be overwise - why destroy yourself? (Ecclesiastes 7:16)
To everything there is a season, and a time for every purpose under heaven. (Ecclesiastes 3:1)
If you do a kindness, know to whom you do it, and you will be thanked for your good deeds. (Sirach 12:1)
A leader leads by example, not by force. (Sun Tzu, Art of War)
In the midst of crisis there is opportunity. In any opportunity there is risk. (Ying Yang concept)
The greatest victory is that which requires no battle. (Sun Tzu, Art of War)
If you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you. (Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil)
It is not the consciousness of men that determines their being, but, on the contrary, their social being that determines their consciousness. (Karl Marx, A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy)
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all. (Aristotle)
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. (Confucius)
Have no friends not equal to yourself. (Confucius)
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. (Confucius)
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. (Confucius)
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. (Edmund Burke)
A woman forgives everything, but the fact that you do not covet her. (Alfred de Musset)
Not everything that counts can be counted and not everything that's counted truly counts. (William Bruce Cameron, Informal Sociology: A Casual Introduction to Sociological Thinking)
Repetition is the mother of study. (Latin proverb)
The man who seeks to educate himself must first read and then travel in order to correct what he has learned. (Giacomo Casanova)
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. (Confucius)
When I am with others, they are my teachers. I can select their good points and follow them, and select their bad points and avoid them. (Confucius)
An idiot admires complexity, a genius admires simplicity. (Terrence Andrew Davis)
No doubt, when modesty was made a virtue, it was a very advantageous thing for the fools, for everybody is expected to speak of himself as if he were one. (Arthur Schopenhauer)
A time is coming when men will go mad, and when they see someone who is not mad, they will attack him, saying, 'You are mad; you are not like us.' (St. Anthony the Great)
I was complaining that I had no shoes till I met a man who had no feet. (Confucius)
When anger rises, think of the consequences. (Confucius)
Future generation is the most important thing. (Confucius)
To be wealthy and honored in an unjust society is a disgrace. (Confucius)
Do nothing which is of no use. (Miyamoto Musashi, A Book of Five Rings: The Classic Guide to Strategy)
Do not regret what you have done. (Miyamoto Musashi, A Book of Five Rings: The Classic Guide to Strategy)
You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain. (Miyamoto Musashi, A Book of Five Rings: The Classic Guide to Strategy)
Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world. (Miyamoto Musashi, A Book of Five Rings: The Classic Guide to Strategy)
Truth is not what you want it to be; it is what it is, and you must bend to its power or live a lie. (Miyamoto Musashi)
